Add New iOS Pasteboard Tests MASTG-TEST-0278, MASTG-TEST-0279, MASTG-TEST-0280 (#3289)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/ios/MASVS-PLATFORM/MASTG-TEST-0276.md

## Evaluation

> The test fails if there are calls to `UIPasteboard.generalPasteboard` and sensitive data is written to it.
> 
> As determining what constitutes sensitive data is context-dependent, it can be challenging to detect statically. To determine whether sensitive data is being written to the pasteboard by the aforementioned methods, you can inspect the reported code locations in the reverse-engineered code (see @MASTG-TECH-0076).

Author: ```suggestion
The test fails if calls are made to `UIPasteboard.generalPasteboard` and sensitive data is written to it.

Since determining what constitutes sensitive data is context-dependent, it can be difficult to detect statically. To check if sensitive data is being written to the pasteboard using the aforementioned methods, inspect the reported code locations in the reverse-engineered code (see @MASTG-TECH-0076).
```
